CORPORATION: Add documentation (#1121)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: src/Documentation/doc/advanced/corporation/demand-competition.md

# Demand - Competition

## Usage

> They are used for calculating `MaxSalesVolume` of material and product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are used for calculating `MaxSalesVolume` of materials and products.
```

`Market Research - Demand` grants access to `Demand` data.

`Market Data - Competition` grants access to `Competition` data.

## Material

> Each material has its own `demandBase`, `demandRange`, `competitionBase`, `competitionRange`, `maxVolatility`. `Demand` and `competition` start at their bases and always be in their ranges respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each material has its own `demandBase`, `demandRange`, `competitionBase`, `competitionRange`, and `maxVolatility`. Both `demand` and `competition` start at their bases and are always in their respective ranges.
```

> This is non-intuitive: `demand` and `competition` are not used for calculating `marketPrice`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is non-intuitive: `demand` and `competition` are _not_ used for calculating `marketPrice`.
```

> In cycle's START state, game calculates 6 variables:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the START state, the game calculates 6 variables:
```

```typescript
const priceVolatility: number = (Math.random() * this.maxVolatility) / 300;
const priceChange: number = 1 + priceVolatility;
const compVolatility: number = (Math.random() * this.maxVolatility) / 100;
const compChange: number = 1 + compVolatility;
const dmdVolatility: number = (Math.random() * this.maxVolatility) / 100;
const dmdChange: number = 1 + dmdVolatility;
```

> `priceChange`, `compChange` and `dmdChange` are the amount of `marketPrice`, `competition` and `demand` changed in next steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`priceChange`, `compChange` and `dmdChange` are the amount of `marketPrice`, `competition` and `demand` changed in the next steps.
```

After that, it randomizes twice:

- First: `Math.random()` < 0.5. If yes, increase `competition` and `marketPrice`. If not, decrease them.
- Second: `Math.random()` < 0.5. If yes, increase `demand` and `marketPrice`. If not, decrease them.

## Product

> Their initial values are set when product is finished. Check the next [section](./product.md) for the formulas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initial values are set when the product is finished. Check the next [section](./product.md) for the formulas.
```

> In cycle's START state, game decreases `demand` and increases `competition` of product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the START state, the game decreases `demand` and increases `competition` of the product.
```
